{"senders.": {"id": [34, 1, 8, 30, 31, 64, 10, 82, 63, 161], "senders": ["Mike Burns", "Itamar Heim", "Fabian Deutsch", "Alon Bar-Lev", "Sandro Bonazzola", "Yair Zaslavsky", "Michael Pasternak", "Allon Mureinik", "Eli Mesika", "Joey Boggs"], "sent": [4044, 3892, 3356, 1325, 1312, 1262, 1250, 1143, 1047, 966]}, "senders.last month": {"id": [8, 31, 37, 33, 1, 14, 64, 54, 9, 110], "senders": ["Fabian Deutsch", "Sandro Bonazzola", "Yaniv Dary", "Oved Ourfali", "Itamar Heim", "Juan Hernandez", "Yair Zaslavsky", "Daniel Erez", "David Caro", "Lior Vernia"], "sent": [171, 134, 85, 67, 56, 47, 44, 39, 37, 37]}, "senders.last year": {"id": [1, 8, 31, 30, 63, 34, 37, 82, 64, 42], "senders": ["Itamar Heim", "Fabian Deutsch", "Sandro Bonazzola", "Alon Bar-Lev", "Eli Mesika", "Mike Burns", "Yaniv Dary", "Allon Mureinik", "Yair Zaslavsky", "Moti Asayag"], "sent": [2163, 1896, 1268, 647, 631, 610, 585, 557, 536, 474]}, "threads.": {"date": ["2013-11-05", "2012-04-17", "2014-03-10", "2014-03-28", "2013-02-12", "2013-03-06", "2013-08-12", "2012-09-19", "2012-10-30", "2012-12-19"], "initiator_id": [34, 84, 2389, 8, 105, 10, 112, 1113, 177, 10], "initiator_name": ["Mike Burns", "Shireesh Anjal", "Tomasz Ko\u0142ek", "Fabian Deutsch", "Libor Spevak", "Michael Pasternak", "Sahina Bose", "garrett@redhat.com", "ShaoHe Feng", "Michael Pasternak"], "length": [1905829, 37061, 19623, 8711, 6681, 5633, 4095, 2710, 1535, 1219], "message_id": ["<5278E332.80907@redhat.com>", "<4F8D4119.80901@redhat.com>", "<000601cf3c9a$d37fec40$7a7fc4c0$@o2.pl>", "<1396006625.2943.43.camel@fdeutsch-laptop.local>", "<511A6A39.2090706@redhat.com>", "<5137004D.6010901@redhat.com>", "<520875A3.6020600@redhat.com>", "<50597ABE.6050102@redhat.com>", "<508FA5CB.8040504@linux.vnet.ibm.com>", "<50D1BC5A.9030402@redhat.com>"], "subject": ["oVirt Weekly Meeting Minutes -- 2013-10-30", "Storage Device Management in VDSM and oVirt", "[Users] [GSOC][Gerrit] add potential reviewers - questions", "Versioning of oVirt Node", "[Engine-devel] REST API calls from the GUI", "fedora openid authentication for gerrit is broken", "Gluster Volume asynchronous tasks", "the new oVirt website: live preview!", "[Engine-devel] [help]how to get the CA certificate when uploader ISO", "[Engine-devel] [SUGGESTION] Defining a process for the new feature\n\tdiscussion/implementation."], "url": ["http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/board", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/engine-devel", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/infra", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/engine-devel", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/engine-devel"]}, "threads.last month": {"date": ["2014-05-13", "2014-05-24", "2014-05-11", "2014-05-07", "2014-05-12", "2014-05-21", "2014-05-19", "2014-05-06", "2014-05-13", "2014-05-23"], "initiator_id": [743, 743, 590, 1167, 904, 36, 732, 36, 904, 1628], "initiator_name": ["andrew", "andrew", "gianluca.cecchi", "jenkins@ovirt.org", "bzrh.bobd", "Ryan Barry", "demchenko.ya", "Ryan Barry", "bzrh.bobd", "Simon Barrett"], "length": [175, 20, 18, 17, 17, 16, 15, 15, 14, 13], "message_id": ["<CAD7dF9fBvS92NQUvLi3H6x7=rc0eHxNn9o8Ap4-FDVFosc7f3w@mail.gmail.com>", "<CAD7dF9fXL1VnR8WTSrB0p7sW8fg5VMv8uE80M4soLj2-4Vmbwg@mail.gmail.com>", "<CAG2kNCw83h2=ziFG_-RPPxtU02cHxLCv=+Nq_G2369mBh9JJFA@mail.gmail.com>", "<3781345.3458.1399447541883.JavaMail.jenkins@jenkins.ovirt.org>", "<537117B8.7090009@doolittle.us.com>", "<gerrit.1400681997284.I9457b05716c4dc5a47a280b8335a41e6fae73c0d@gerrit.ovirt.org>", "<5379C207.5050807@gmail.com>", "<gerrit.1399429380349.Ia2a718a9733a8e0981b68b706787a10768bd8d82@gerrit.ovirt.org>", "<537247F3.3070309@doolittle.us.com>", "<D86C48DF8800164BBE50B87623F7AC954836B051@ln2-wio-001.dev.tradingscreen.com>"], "subject": ["[ovirt-users] oVirt Mirrors", "[ovirt-users] Can HA Agent control NFS Mount?", "[ovirt-users] getVdsCapabilites unexpected exception [was: Re: AIO\n 3.4 on fedora 19 initial errors before coming up]", "INFRA ISSUE: [oVirt Jenkins]\n\tovirt-engine_3.4_upgrade-from-3.3_merge - Build # 218 - Failure!", "[ovirt-users] Failure during self-hosted deployment: exception\n configuring management bridge", "[node-patches] Change in ovirt-node[master]: Add ovirt-node generic\n\tregistration script", "[ovirt-users] power outage: HA vms not restarted", "[node-patches] Change in ovirt-node[master]: Don't show bonds\n\twithout slaves", "[ovirt-users] New problem with hosted-engine during \"Configuring\n the management bridge\"", "[ovirt-users] Persisting glusterfs configs on an oVirt node"], "url": ["http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/infra", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/node-patches", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/node-patches", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users"]}, "threads.last year": {"date": ["2013-11-05", "2014-03-10", "2014-03-28", "2013-08-12", "2014-01-08", "2013-12-19", "2014-01-22", "2014-01-16", "2013-10-29", "2014-05-13"], "initiator_id": [34, 2389, 8, 112, 31, 31, 31, 31, 1, 743], "initiator_name": ["Mike Burns", "Tomasz Ko\u0142ek", "Fabian Deutsch", "Sahina Bose", "Sandro Bonazzola", "Sandro Bonazzola", "Sandro Bonazzola", "Sandro Bonazzola", "Itamar Heim", "andrew"], "length": [1905829, 19623, 8711, 4095, 848, 739, 527, 319, 219, 175], "message_id": ["<5278E332.80907@redhat.com>", "<000601cf3c9a$d37fec40$7a7fc4c0$@o2.pl>", "<1396006625.2943.43.camel@fdeutsch-laptop.local>", "<520875A3.6020600@redhat.com>", "<52CD105E.2040409@redhat.com>", "<52B2FCC1.7030206@redhat.com>", "<52DFA3D3.9030003@redhat.com>", "<52D7AFEA.4050700@redhat.com>", "<526FF491.5000204@redhat.com>", "<CAD7dF9fBvS92NQUvLi3H6x7=rc0eHxNn9o8Ap4-FDVFosc7f3w@mail.gmail.com>"], "subject": ["oVirt Weekly Meeting Minutes -- 2013-10-30", "[Users] [GSOC][Gerrit] add potential reviewers - questions", "Versioning of oVirt Node", "Gluster Volume asynchronous tasks", "[QE] 3.4.0 Release tracker", "oVirt 3.3.2 release", "oVirt 3.4.0 beta is now available", "proposal for moving nightly to 3.4 stabilization branch", "oVirt 3.4 planning", "[ovirt-users] oVirt Mirrors"], "url": ["http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/board", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/announce", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/announce", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/arch", "http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/users"]}}